README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
      <!-- logo credit: https://www.vexels.com/png-svg/preview/325937/blue-computer-mouse-icon -->
      <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.freepik.com/512/9073/9073255.png" width="96px" height="96px"/>
      
Day Counter

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/palette/macchiato.png" width="600px"/> <br>
<div align="center">
            <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-stable-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=303446&logo=javascript&logoColor=white&color=f5a97f&logoColor=cad3f5"></a>
            <a href="https://sass-lang.com/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SCSS-stable-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=303446&logo=sass&logoColor=white&color=a6da95&logoColor=cad3f5"></a>
</div>
</h1>

<img width="1800" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4e0c640c-2d0e-40fb-9a8e-9250a25260b5" />
<br><br>

**Day Counter** is a minimal and customizable Chrome extension that turns your new tab page into a productivity dashboard. Add day counters to track deadlines, events, or goals — all from a beautifully simple interface.

## Installation
> [!WARNING]
> **Warning:** This extension has only been tested on Google Chrome. Other browsers which support this extension may experience compatibility issues.

> [!NOTE]
> **Note:** The extension is currently undergoing review in the Chrome Web Store. Once finished, a link to the extension will be provided.
1. Download and extract this repository.
2. Navigate to `chrome://extensions`, enable Developer Mode, Load unpacked and select the daycounter folder.

      <img width="1800" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7f03271b-6344-41bb-b976-84b4a32df843" />

4. Launch a new tab and select <b>Keep it</b> to save the extension.

## License
This project falls under the MIT license.

Commit message:

readme: add chrome web store link

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
      <!-- logo credit: https://www.vexels.com/png-svg/preview/325937/blue-computer-mouse-icon -->
      <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.freepik.com/512/9073/9073255.png" width="96px" height="96px"/>
      
Day Counter

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/palette/macchiato.png" width="600px"/> <br>
<div align="center">
            <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-stable-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=303446&logo=javascript&logoColor=white&color=f5a97f&logoColor=cad3f5"></a>
            <a href="https://sass-lang.com/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SCSS-stable-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=303446&logo=sass&logoColor=white&color=a6da95&logoColor=cad3f5"></a>
</div>
</h1>

<img width="1800" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4e0c640c-2d0e-40fb-9a8e-9250a25260b5" />
<br><br>

**Day Counter** is a minimal and customizable Chrome extension that turns your new tab page into a productivity dashboard. Add day counters to track deadlines, events, or goals — all from a beautifully simple interface.

## Installation

> [!WARNING]
> **Warning:** This extension has only been tested on Google Chrome. Other browsers which support this extension may experience compatibility issues.

* Search for [Day Counter](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/nedanpbgcaailcahdjmldfalbnpeccpo?utm_source=item-share-cb) on the Chrome Web Store and select **Add to Chrome** to add the extension.

Alternatively,
1. Download and extract this repository.
2. Navigate to `chrome://extensions`, enable Developer Mode, and load the unpacked extension (daycounter folder).

      <img width="1800" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7f03271b-6344-41bb-b976-84b4a32df843" />

4. Launch a new tab and select <b>Keep it</b> to save the extension.

## License
This project falls under the MIT license.
